Test Script For Home Page (version 1):

Execute the program, the first scene (user interface/page) shown is the home page.


- Appearance:

	There should be a title showing the name and a short description of the program (actual content not decided yet, 
		temporarily use "Taatai!: Te Reo Maths Aid").

	The title should be placed in the center horizontally and slightly above center vertically (exact position not decided yet).

	There should be 5 cards in two rows (3 cards in the first row, and 2 in the second row) shown below the title, 
		and horizontally align in the center.
	The 5 cards are named Practice, Play, Score, Help, and Settings, reading from left to right and above to below.

	Each card is a rectangle shape, which functionally will make the program switch to a specific scene (interface/page) linked with 
		the card when being clicked.
	Each card has an icon, the icon should be strongly related to the function of the scene the card linked with, and be put 
		at center horizontally (vertical position not decided yet).
	The name of the card should be shown below the icon, and it should also be at center horizontally.

	The color for any element is not decided yet.


- Function Testing Procedure:

1. 	Hover the cursor onto the 5 cards, all of them should change their appearance to indicate that 
	they can be pressed (how do they change appearance is not decided yet).

2.	a.	Navigate to the Practice card and click, the scene should be changed to a choose game mode scene*.
	b.	Click back to home button* and the program should switch back to the home page.

3.	a.	Navigate to the Play card and click, the scene should be changed to a scene that asks user to enter his/her name* (LoginScene).
	b.	Click back to home button* and the program should switch back to the home page.

4.	a.	Navigate to the Score card and click, the scene should be changed to a summary score panel* (SummaryScene).
	b.	Click back to home button* and the program should switch back to the home page.

5.	a.	Navigate to the Settings card and click, the scene should be changed to a settings page* (Settings).
	b.	Click back to home button* and the program should switch back to the home page.

6.	(Features for this step is not decided yet, going to decide this in next meeting)
	a.	Navigate to the Help card and click, a new window (help window) will pop up, the window will contain the help information* (HelpScene), 
			and the old window will not change.
	b.	Drag and move the help window away from the old window.
	c.	On the old window, repeat steps 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 of the procedure, these should all behave exactly the same as these steps expected.
	d.	Drag the help window over the old window, and click on the old window's frame to bring it to the front and make it be focused, 
			now the help window should be covered by the old window.
	e.	On the old window, click the Help card again, no new help window will pop up and the existed help window will be focused and be bring to the front.
	f.	Minimize the help window, and click the Help card on the old window again, no new help window will pop up 
			and the existed help window will be restored and be focused.
	g.	Close the help window, and click the Help card on the old window, a new help window will be pop up and show help information.
	h.	Keep the help window open, click on the frame of the old window to bring it to the front.
	i.	Close the old window, the help window should be closed as the same time when the old window is closed.
	
End of Procedure